Upgrade Keycloak's sizing guide for KC26 (#32344)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/high-availability/concepts-memory-and-cpu-sizing.adoc

Recommendations:

* The base memory usage for a Pod including caches of Realm data and 10,000 cached sessions is 1250 MB of RAM.

* In containers, Keycloak allocates 70% of the memory limit for heap based memory. It will also use approximately 300 MB of non-heap-based memory.
To calculate the requested memory, use the calculation above. As memory limit, subtract the non-heap memory from the value above and divide the result by 0.7.

> * For each 15 password-based user logins per second, allocate 1 vCPU to the cluster (tested with up to 300 per second).

Reviewer: Would this then compute to, 135 user logins per second, if only the user login scenario is load tested against the 3 pod cluster in an Active/Active setup ? @ahus1

Author: In a 2x3 Pods A/A setup and 135 logins per seconds, you would see 1.5 vCPUs used on each pod when both clusters are active. If then one site goes down, you would then see the usage of 3.0 vCPUs on each of the three remaining active Pods.

I'd think you have a choice here then either request 1.5 vCPUs per Pod and rely on the cluster to have enough bandwidth when one site goes down, or request 3.0 vCPUs per Pod to be on the safe side. Maybe request 1.5 vCPUs and then have an auto-scaler scale up 6 Pod in the remaining DC if you can afford the delay of an autoscaler on the pod level and the cluster level. IMHO there is no simple answer to that. I'll see if I can provide an answer on this, still.

Reviewer: Thank you Alex, this helps!

+
{project_name} spends most of the CPU time hashing the password provided by the user, and it is proportional to the number of hash iterations.

* For each 200 client credential grants per second, 1 vCPU to the cluster (tested with up to 2000 per second).
+
Most CPU time goes into creating new TLS connections, as each client runs only a single request.

* For each 120 refresh token requests per second, 1 vCPU to the cluster (tested with up to 435 refresh token requests per second).

* Leave 200% extra head-room for CPU usage to handle spikes in the load.
This ensures a fast startup of the node, and sufficient capacity to handle failover tasks like, for example, re-balancing Infinispan caches, when one node fails.
Performance of {project_name} dropped significantly when its Pods were throttled in our tests.

> * By default {project_name} will store user sessions in the database. For the database, allocate per 100 requests/second that update the database (login, logout, refresh token) 0.35-0.7 vCPU and 1400 WriteIOPS on an Aurora PostgreSQL multi-AZ database base on a 2 vCPU `db.t4g.large` instance type (tested up to 400 requests per second).

Reviewer: Would you consider to re-phrase the two statements here for better readability?

```suggestion
{project_name}, which by default stores user sessions in the database, requires the following resources for optimal performance on an Aurora PostgreSQL multi-AZ database:

For every 100 login/logout/refresh requests per second:
- Allocate between 0.35 and 0.7 vCPU.
- Ensure 1400 Write IOPS are available.

Instance type recommendations:
- db.t4g.large (2 vCPU) is suitable for typical loads.
- db.t4g.xlarge (4 vCPU) is recommended for peak usage to avoid slowdowns.

Key takeaway:  Higher CPU usage on the database can lead to slower response times, particularly during peak loads. Choose a larger instance type if faster response times are critical.
```

Author: Thank you for this suggestion. I suppose the "Instance type recommendations" will need some more context as the understanding of "typical loads" will vary. I'll add that context in another commit.
